Psalm 144 a psalm of David blessed be
Psalm 144 a psalm of David blessed be the Lord my rock who trains my hands for
the Lord my rock who trains my hands for
the Lord my rock who trains my hands for war and my fingers for battle my
war and my fingers for battle my
war and my fingers for battle my loving-kindness and my fortress my high
loving-kindness and my fortress my high
loving-kindness and my fortress my high tower and my deliverer my shield and the
tower and my deliverer my shield and the
tower and my deliverer my shield and the one in whom I take refuge who subdues my
one in whom I take refuge who subdues my
one in whom I take refuge who subdues my people under me Lord what is man that
people under me Lord what is man that
people under me Lord what is man that you take knowledge of him or the Son of
you take knowledge of him or the Son of
you take knowledge of him or the Son of man that you are mindful of him man is
man that you are mindful of him man is
man that you are mindful of him man is like a breath his days are like a
like a breath his days are like a
like a breath his days are like a passing shadow bow down your heavens O
passing shadow bow down your heavens O
passing shadow bow down your heavens O Lord and come down touch the mountains
Lord and come down touch the mountains
Lord and come down touch the mountains and they shall smoke flash forth
and they shall smoke flash forth
and they shall smoke flash forth lightning and scatter them shoot out
lightning and scatter them shoot out
lightning and scatter them shoot out your arrows and destroy them stretch out
your arrows and destroy them stretch out
your arrows and destroy them stretch out your hand from above rescue me and
your hand from above rescue me and
your hand from above rescue me and deliver me out of Great Waters
deliver me out of Great Waters
deliver me out of Great Waters from the hand of foreigners whose mouth
from the hand of foreigners whose mouth
from the hand of foreigners whose mouth speaks lying words and whose right hand
speaks lying words and whose right hand
speaks lying words and whose right hand is a right hand of falsehood I will sing
is a right hand of falsehood I will sing
is a right hand of falsehood I will sing a new song to you O God on a harp of ten
a new song to you O God on a harp of ten
a new song to you O God on a harp of ten strings I will sing praises to you the
strings I will sing praises to you the
strings I will sing praises to you the one who gives salvation to Kings who
one who gives salvation to Kings who
one who gives salvation to Kings who delivers David his servant from the
delivers David his servant from the
delivers David his servant from the deadly sword rescue me and deliver me
deadly sword rescue me and deliver me
deadly sword rescue me and deliver me from the hand foreigners whose mouth
from the hand foreigners whose mouth
from the hand foreigners whose mouth speaks lying words and whose right hand
speaks lying words and whose right hand
speaks lying words and whose right hand is a right hand of falsehood that our
is a right hand of falsehood that our
is a right hand of falsehood that our sons may be as plants grown up in their
sons may be as plants grown up in their
sons may be as plants grown up in their youth that our daughters may be as
youth that our daughters may be as
youth that our daughters may be as pillars sculptured in Palace style that
pillars sculptured in Palace style that
pillars sculptured in Palace style that our barns may be full supplying all
our barns may be full supplying all
our barns may be full supplying all kinds of produce that our sheep may
kinds of produce that our sheep may
kinds of produce that our sheep may bring for thousands and ten thousands in
bring for thousands and ten thousands in
bring for thousands and ten thousands in our fields that our oxen may be well
our fields that our oxen may be well
our fields that our oxen may be well laden
laden
laden that there be no breaking in or going
that there be no breaking in or going
that there be no breaking in or going out that there be no outcry in our
out that there be no outcry in our
out that there be no outcry in our streets happy are the people who are in
streets happy are the people who are in
streets happy are the people who are in such a state happy are the people whose
such a state happy are the people whose
such a state happy are the people whose God is the Lord
God is the Lord
God is the Lord [Music]